Fix class cast exception in gradle plugin main class detection logic (#3435)
GoogleContainerTools/jib: jib-gradle-plugin/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fix ClassCastException when using non string value for `Main-Class` manifest attribute ([#3396](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib/issues/3396))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `ClassCastException` when using non-`String` value (for example, [`Provider`](https://docs.gradle.org/current/javadoc/org/gradle/api/provider/Provider.html)) for `Main-Class` manifest attribute of the `jar` task. ([#3396](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/jib/issues/3396))
```
